docs: add guidance for Reviewing Pull Requests in Notary Project (#82)
notaryproject/.github: REVIEW.md

### Trust

Be trustworthy. During a review, your actions both build and help maintain the trust that the community has placed in this project. Below are examples of ways that we build trust:

* **Transparency** - If a pull request won't be merged, clearly say why and close it. If a pull request won't be reviewed for a while, let the author know so they can set expectations and understand why it's blocked.
* **Integrity** - Put the project's best interests ahead of personal relationships or company affiliations when deciding if a change should be merged.
* **Stability** - Only merge when the change won't negatively impact project stability. It can be tempting to merge a pull request that doesn't meet our quality standards, for example when the review has been delayed, or because we are trying to deliver new features quickly, but regressions can significantly hurt trust in our project.

## Process

1. Do not start reviewing a pull request if it is WIP or is a draft mode until it is marked as **ready to review**.
2. Do not start reviewing a pull request if automated checks fail. Wait until they are fixed by the author.

> 3. All pull requests except those generated by bots MUST have an issue associated. Motivations and designs SHOULD be discussed in the corresponding issue instead of in the pull request.

Reviewer: In some cases, there could be users create PR directly, but the PR should includes a detailed description if there is no issue associated with it. Given we welcome more contributors, we can make the rule more flexible.

Author: Updated the requirement to be more flexible

> 3. All pull requests except those generated by bots MUST have an issue associated. Motivations and designs SHOULD be discussed in the corresponding issue instead of in the pull request.

Reviewer 2: Copilot: This may be too strict for minor fixes (e.g., typos, small doc updates).
```suggestion
3. All substantial pull requests (e.g., features, bug fixes) MUST be associated with an issue. Minor changes may be exempt at the maintainers' discretion.
```

4. Do a quick check for the license header for all new files.

> 5. When you provide feedback, make it clear if the change must be made for the pull request to be approved, or if it is just a suggestion. Mark suggestions with `nit`.

Reviewer: Is it too strict "Mark suggestions with `nit`"?

Author: Removed

> 6. Reviews from maintainers are required. Only pull requests approved by **at least one repo maintainer** can be merged. If the author is a maintainer, the pull request is required to be approved by other maintainers.

Reviewer: Maybe more accurate is Reviews from users  listed in CODEOWNERS. For our project, users in CODEOWNERS are all maintainers.

Reviewer: Suggest adding the rule: The number of approvals are controlled by the branch policy, and we should follow the `repository -> Settings -> Branches -> branch protection rules`, and the branch protection rules should be agreed and approved by maintainers.

> 7. Maintainers can merge their own pull requests after being approved by other maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Maintainers can merge their own pull requests after being approved by other maintainers and meet the requirement of branch protection rules.
```

8. Pull requests are required to be reviewed again if updates come after the approval from maintainers.

## Checklist

Below are a set of common questions that apply to all pull requests:

- [ ] Is this PR targeting the correct branch?
- [ ] Does the commit message provide an adequate description of the change?
- [ ] Does the affected code have corresponding tests?
- [ ] Are the changes well documented and recognizable by `godoc`?
- [ ] Does this introduce breaking changes that would require an announcement or bumping the major version?
- [ ] Has this PR passed the CI?
- [ ] Does the PR title follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)?

## Acknowledgement

> - [ORAS Reviewing Guide](https://github.com/oras-project/community/blob/main/REVIEWING.md)

Reviewer: Suggest mentioning the template used is provided by CNCF https://github.com/cncf/project-template/blob/main/REVIEWING.md

# Guidance for Reviewing Pull Requests in Notary Project

This document covers who may review pull requests for this project, and provides guidance on how to perform reviews that meet our community standards and code of conduct. All reviewers must read this document and agree to follow the project review guidelines. Reviewers who do not follow these guidelines may have their privileges revoked.

## The Reviewer Role

Everyone is encouraged to review code and documentation changes, even if they are not officially designated as reviewers. However, only pull requests approved by maintainers can be merged.

## Process

> 1. Do not start reviewing a pull request if it is WIP or is a draft mode until it is marked as **ready to review**.

Reviewer 3: How does one mark a PR "ready for review"? There is not clarity how this is done and what the reviewers should look for.

Reviewer 4: Where is it marked has ready for review, may be modify to give clarity. +1 for toddysm comment

Author: I added a reference link to introduce how to [mark a pull request as ready for review](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/changing-the-stage-of-a-pull-request#marking-a-pull-request-as-ready-for-review). GitHub has the guidance and definition about the PR state management.

2. Do not start reviewing a pull request if automated checks fail. Wait until they are fixed by the author.

> 3. Pull requests except those generated by bots are suggested openning an issue associated. Motivations and designs SHOULD be discussed in the corresponding issue instead of in the pull request. Minor changes may be exempt at the maintainers' discretion.

Reviewer 3: You may want to change to:
> Pull requests except those generated by bots should have an associated issue opened before the PR.

Author: Updated

4. Do a quick check for the license header for all new files.
5. When you provide feedback, make it clear if the change must be made for the pull request to be approved, or if it is just a suggestion. 
6. Reviews from CODEOWNERS in each repo are required. Only pull requests approved by **at least one repo maintainer** can be merged. If the author is a maintainer, the pull request is required to be approved by other maintainers.
7. Maintainers can merge their own pull requests after being approved by other maintainers and meet the requirement of branch protection rules.
8. Pull requests are required to be reviewed again if updates come after the approval from maintainers.

## Checklist

Below are a set of common questions that apply to all pull requests:

- [ ] Is this PR targeting the correct branch?
- [ ] Does the commit message provide an adequate description of the change?
- [ ] Does the affected code have corresponding tests?

> - [ ] Are the changes well documented and recognizable by `godoc`?

Reviewer 3: This assumes all code in the repository is written in Go. Is this what are we targeting?

Author: Removed this sentence since this statement is limited.
